Add dash medical provider charges app (#88)
plotly/dash-sample-apps: apps/dash-medical-provider-charges/README.md

# dash-medical-provider-charges

## About this app

This app creates a dashboard to visualize medical provider charges/costs from US hospitals and clinics.

Data are downloaded from open data platform by [Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services](https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Statistics-Trends-and-Reports/Medicare-Provider-Charge-Data/Inpatient2016.html).  

> This dataset covers national and state summary of inpatient charges in Fiscal Year 2016. Information includes utilization, payment(total and medicare payment), hospital-specific charges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dataset covers national and state summaries of inpatient charges in the fiscal year 2016. Information includes utilization, payment (total and medicare payment), and hospital-specific charges
```

Author: 💯

for all medicare-certified hospital facilities.

Detailed explanation on columns could be found [here](https://data.cms.gov/Medicare-Inpatient/Inpatient-Prospective-Payment-System-IPPS-Provider/fm2n-hjj6)

## How to run this app locally

To run this app locally, clone this repository and open this app folder in your terminal/Command Prompt. We suggest you to create a 

> virtual environment for installation of required packages for this app.

Reviewer: Why is this line break here?

Author: removed :)

```
cd dash-medical-provider-charges
python3 -m virtualenv venv

```
In Unix System:
```
source venv/bin/activate

```

In Windows: 

```
venv\Scripts\activate
```

Install all required packages by running:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Run this app locally by:
```
python app.py
```

## How to use this app

Select state, cost metric and region to visualize average charges or payments(for all medical procedures) on the map. Click on individual 

> hospital from map to highlight its procedure-specific charges on the bottom chart. You may also click or select individual data from bottom

Reviewer: More odd line breaks

Author: 💯
